MNT: deprecate epoch2num/num2epoch (#19483)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/deprecations/19483-JMK.rst

``epoch2num`` and ``num2epoch`` are deprecated
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
These methods convert from unix timestamps to matplotlib floats, but are not

> useed internally to matplotlib, and should not be needed by endusers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used internally to Matplotlib, and should not be needed by end users.
```
